wondered crazy plans here way to make 70
squares
show
alright hey guys when Grayson reported
with the Tuscaloosa News we're here at
the Tuscaloosa Regional Airport right on
the tarmac waiting for the national
champion Alabama Crimson Tide to touch
down home in Tuscaloosa and we've got
Emily and Lindsay here they've made some
really really nice signs to show the
team now what are you guys going to
scream out of when they get off the
phone that's it now anyone have you got
any favorite players or mark ingram mark
ingram and yeah mark ingram okay okay
now how did you guys celebrate last
night after the tide won the big game I
texted all our friends and rubbed it
into auburn in to see faces should as it
should hey guys with Nolan innate here
along the fence of the tarmac they're
waiting for the tide to touch down and
they're from Somerton Alabama it's about
an hour away and they've got a sign here
as well now when did you guys start
making the sign last night last night
okay so you guys knew to where you're
going to be okay okay now now now how
important was it for you guys to get
down here and let the tide know how much
you care about is a lot pour in ok ok
now now what now can you can you tell me
you know just how important Alabama
football is to you it's like a hundred
percent look do you go by crimson so
everybody knows you as crimson okay okay
now have you ever asked your mom and dad
like like why they decided to name you
that is my second home
Thank down here since I was six weeks up
okay now what now Tuscaloosa is your
second home when you call your hometown
or is that my hometown is Hazlitt
Alabama Heflin now crimson how old are
you again 1111 okay now now in your 11
short years how important has alabama
football been to you like how big of a
part of your life is it there we come
here every Saturday for the home game
and this was my first national
championship so it was awesome all right
now you named her daughter crimson
August Alabama holds very important very
important out now now when she was born
did you know you were going to name a
crimson i knew i was going to
neighborhood pride fort williams and i
was going to name him Todd but I didn't
you okay okay you saw the 79 golden sand
you saw sugar lead him back yes few
times against georgia and auburn the 85
iron bowl he saw the 92 national
championship I has been 17 years since
the what did it mean p last night
it was like we had gone back to our
rightful place where we needed to be
because they're always number one it
doesn't matter where the polls don't
matter to the fans because we love them
and I just make life a lot easier and
happier for us because Alabama football
is a religion in Alabama you know you go
to the game on Saturday and church on
Sunday that's it and what are you going
to save the team video that point thank
you so much for bringing us back and
putting us back in our rifles oh if
you're watching I wish you here
ah